I pay this we talked about my fitness
link rock just like on the Internet
today we have a problem of links rotting
away and becoming unavailable we have
the same thing with IP NS there so so we
had wit so we talked about a few
different kind of ideas that have been
like thrown out there and we were we
kind of focused on the idea of kind of
explicitly saying I want to pin this
kind of website and support it or like
website or like data set or whatever and
support it and keep replicating it so
we've thought that it would be kind of
cool to have like a pin this IP NS thing
which would a tell your IP NS node to
like keep republishing that IP at that I
pin s record but also that would pin
that data set and whenever it's updated
you'd pin the latest so you'd only pin
latest version so he wouldn't get like
history but you'd pin like the very
latest version that the openness record
was was was talking to so right so we
then talked about like I'm aware of this
concept of best effort pins in Ingo ipfs
which sounds kind of weird because MF s
hangs off it and like best effort is
like definitely don't garbage collect
that so we thought maybe we could pin IP
NS pins to that and it would be kind of
separate from the pinning the public
pinning API that we have already and we
also talked about like actually we could
maybe change the public API and have
like different types of pins like an IP
NS pin and if you pinned something
something like regularly nor IP f IP NS
then it would like overwrite it not
overwrite it but it would take questions
so when we when the IPS record was
changed and we tried to pin the updated
data then then you have something
different pin so yeah and there's
there's been like Aiden like swooped in
at the last minute I was literally about
a minute before we'd finished and said
there's a solution to this already that
I've done
there's a solution in pops up maybe the
aliens done